Dragon mother flying Dragon mother flying
You old five
I believe in you so much
You can actually harm your sixth brother
Romufi
You alone
Maim my son
I'll take you to see the emperor
You wait, Murphy
Let me see Huiwang first
No, this palace will never allow you to touch my son again
Luo Mufei, he was ordered to see a doctor for the sixth brother
You have no right to stop him
Let's go inside.
Stop
If you dare to enter today
This palace died here
Lumufi Lumufi, don't be impulsive
Princess Chu, haven't you hurt King Huai enough?
Do you want to force Concubine Lu to death?
Concubine Lu, you won't let me in to see
The consequences will only get worse
Let this see
Who will be held responsible for the death of my son?
The king is responsible
Just let him take a look.
He is your princess
You naturally speak for him
But there's a life inside
If King Huai is killed
What do you take responsibility for?
Do you deserve your life?